# WPIMULT Test Documentation

Case Name         | Case Desciption                                               | Base Model | Results<br />Match | Comments |
----------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------  | ---------- | ------- | ------------------------------------- |
ACTIONW-WPIMULT   | ( 1) The field has an oil rate target of 10,000 m3/d and water injection is via PLAT-1 is set VREP 1.00. <br /><br /> ( 2) Base case run with producers OP01 to OP04 having ACTIONW blocks that applies a PI multiplier of 1.00 when the water cut exceeds, 0.20, 0.40 and 0.60. Used for testing the timing of the ACTIONW events, as the run should not change anything.| WPIMULT    | NA     | E100 runs as expected waiting on OPM Flow implementation.
ACTIONW-WPIMULT-01| ( 2) Producers OP01 to OP04 have an ACTIONW blocks that reduces the PI of the well by 0.900 when the water cut exceeds, 0.20, 0.40 and 0.60. | WPIMULT    | NA     | E100 runs as expected waiting on OPM Flow implementation.
ACTIONW-WPIMULT-02| ( 2) Producer OP01 has a nested ACTIONW block that first tests if the well's water cut exceeds 0.20 (ACTW-01A), if it does then ACTW-01B checks if the well PI is greater than 40.0 and if it is then reduce the PI by 0.900. ACTW-01A is set to execute three times and ACTW-01B only once, so the action should only be executed once.<br /><br /> ( 3) For OP02 the ACTW-02A and ACTW-02B are the same as for OP01, except ACTW-02B is allowed to execute twice.<br /><br /> ( 4) OP03 is the same as OP01, except this should not execute as the ACTW-03A and ACTW-03B should be overwritten by OP04 action blocks.<br /><br /> ( 5) OP04 is the same as OP01, except this should execute as the ACTW-03A and ACTW-03B overwrite the previous versions, and thus OP04 is choked back but not OP03. This is a deliberate typo test to check if we issue a warning if this occurs. | WPIMULT    | NA     | E100 runs as expected waiting on OPM Flow implementation.
ACTIONW-WPIMULT-03| ( 2) Producer OP01 has an ACTIONW block that tests if the well's total liquid production is greater than 2.10E6 (ACTW-01), if it is then the well PI is increased by 1.100. ACTW-01 is set to execute three times. <br /><br /> ( 3) OP02 has a ACTIONXW block with ACTW-02 checking if the well's total liquid production is greater than 1.56E6, and if is then the PI is reduced by 0.900, three times.  <br /><br />( 4) ACTI-03 checks if the water injection total for WI03 is greater than 3.0E6 four times, and if it is, then the PI is reduced. <br /><br /> ( 5) Finally, ACTI-04 checks if the water injection total for WI04 is greater than 3.2E6 four times, and if it is then the PI is increased four times.  | WPIMULT    | NA     | E100 runs as expected waiting on OPM Flow implementation.
ACTIONW-WPIMULT-04| ( 2) Producer OP01 has an ACTIONW block that tests if the well's total liquid production is greater than 2.10E6 (ACTW-01), if it is then the well PI is increased by 1.100. ACTW-01 is set to execute three times. <br /><br /> ( 3) OP02 has a nested ACTIONXW with ACTW-02A checking if the well's total liquid production is greater than 1.56E6, and if is then ACTW-02B decreases the PI by 0.900. ACTW02A and ACTW-02B are allowed to execute three times. <br /><br /> ( 4) ACTI-03A checks if the water injection total for WI03 is greater than 3.0E6 one time, and if it is, then ACTI-03B is called four times to reduce the PI. <br /><br /> ( 5) Finally, ACTI-04A checks if the water injection total for WI04 is greater than 3.2E6 two times, and if it is then ACTI-04B called four times to reduce the PI.| WPIMULT    | NA     | E100 runs as expected waiting on OPM Flow implementation.
ACTIONW-WPIMULT-05| ( 2) Oil producers productivity indices modified to give more variable results.  <br /><br /> ( 3) ACT-01 checks all wells to see if their water cut is above a certain value, and if so shuts in layer two.| WPIMULT    | NA     | E100 runs as expected waiting on OPM Flow implementation.


**Notes:** 

1.  _Results Match_ column indicate if the OPM Flow results match the commercial simulator.
2.  See the WPIMULT.odp document for comparisons plots (to be uploaded later).

**Version: 19 August 2022**
